CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing to systemlink-enterprise-examples

Contributions to systemlink-enterprise-examples are welcome from all!

systemlink-enterprise-examples is managed via [git](https://git-scm.com), with the canonical upstream
repository hosted on [GitHub](https://github.com/ni/systemlink-enterprise-examples/).

systemlink-enterprise-examples follows a pull-request model for development.  If you wish to
contribute, you will need to create a GitHub account, fork this project, push a
branch with your changes to your project, and then submit a pull request.

See [GitHub's official documentation](https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests/) for more details.

# Developer Certificate of Origin (DCO)

   Developer's Certificate of Origin 1.1

   By making a contribution to this project, I certify that:

   (a) The contribution was created in whole or in part by me and I
       have the right to submit it under the open source license
       indicated in the file; or

   (b) The contribution is based upon previous work that, to the best
       of my knowledge, is covered under an appropriate open source
       license and I have the right under that license to submit that
       work with modifications, whether created in whole or in part
       by me, under the same open source license (unless I am
       permitted to submit under a different license), as indicated
       in the file; or

   (c) The contribution was provided directly to me by some other
       person who certified (a), (b) or (c) and I have not modified
       it.

   (d) I understand and agree that this project and the contribution
       are public and that a record of the contribution (including all
       personal information I submit with it, including my sign-off) is
       maintained indefinitely and may be redistributed consistent with
       this project or the open source license(s) involved.

(taken from [developercertificate.org](https://developercertificate.org/))

See [LICENSE](https://github.com/ni/<reponame>/blob/master/LICENSE)
for details about how systemlink-enterprise-examples is licensed.

Commit message:

Snyk CONTRIBUTING guidance
Add guidance on CONTRIBUTING to this repository with Snyk security scanning.

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to systemlink-enterprise-examples

Contributions to systemlink-enterprise-examples are welcome from all!

systemlink-enterprise-examples is managed via [git](https://git-scm.com), with the canonical upstream
repository hosted on [GitHub](https://github.com/ni/systemlink-enterprise-examples/).

systemlink-enterprise-examples follows a pull-request model for development.  If you wish to
contribute, you will need to create a GitHub account, fork this project, push a
branch with your changes to your project, and then submit a pull request.

See [GitHub's official documentation](https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests/) for more details.

# Security scanning with Snyk

This repository uses [Snyk](https://snyk.io/) for security scanning to identify and fix vulnerabilities in code before they reach production. Snyk provides Static Application Security Testing (SAST) that scans your code for security issues as you develop.

- **IDE integration**: Install the Snyk extension for [Visual Studio Code](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=snyk-security.snyk-vulnerability-scanner) or [Visual Studio](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=snyk-security.snyk-vulnerability-scanner-vs-2022) to get real-time security feedback while writing code. To suggest the Snyk extension to contributors, add `.vscode/extensions.json` or `.vsconfig` files to your project root. The VSCode Snyk extension has a richer feature set and is the preferred IDE for working with Snyk.
- **Pull request scanning**: Snyk automatically scans PRs and posts comments for high/critical vulnerabilities.
- **Post-merge monitoring**: Automated bugs are created for unresolved issues after code is merged.

**Contributors within NI/Emerson**: For detailed guidance on working with Snyk, including how to address security issues and create ignore records, see the [Snyk reference](https://dev.azure.com/ni/DevCentral/_wiki/wikis/Stratus/146862/Snyk-reference).

**Contributors outside of NI/Emerson**: If you are having issues resolving a vulnerability Snyk identifies on your PR, consult with a code owner to understand your options for resolution.

# Developer Certificate of Origin (DCO)

   Developer's Certificate of Origin 1.1

   By making a contribution to this project, I certify that:

   (a) The contribution was created in whole or in part by me and I
       have the right to submit it under the open source license
       indicated in the file; or

   (b) The contribution is based upon previous work that, to the best
       of my knowledge, is covered under an appropriate open source
       license and I have the right under that license to submit that
       work with modifications, whether created in whole or in part
       by me, under the same open source license (unless I am
       permitted to submit under a different license), as indicated
       in the file; or

   (c) The contribution was provided directly to me by some other
       person who certified (a), (b) or (c) and I have not modified
       it.

   (d) I understand and agree that this project and the contribution
       are public and that a record of the contribution (including all
       personal information I submit with it, including my sign-off) is
       maintained indefinitely and may be redistributed consistent with
       this project or the open source license(s) involved.

(taken from [developercertificate.org](https://developercertificate.org/))

See [LICENSE](https://github.com/ni/<reponame>/blob/master/LICENSE)
for details about how systemlink-enterprise-examples is licensed.
