# Yield and Throughput Example

## Overview:

This example project provides all required resources to configure and execute a
Yield and Throughput workflow example. It includes two Jupyter Notebooks,
instructions for implementing a scheduled routine for data processing, and one
dashboard designed to visualize yield and throughput over specific timeframes
and parameters.

## Solution Overview:

The UpdateTestIteration notebook runs on a schedule to calculate test execution
order and writes a test iteration property to each test result. The
FirstPassYield notebook uses this information to compute yield metrics, which
are displayed in the dashboard using a Jupyter Notebook data source.

1. Yield and Throughput Dashboard
   - First pass yield, Overall Yield, Current and historical test results
2. UpdateTestIteration Notebook
   - For a configurable time window, this notebook identifies repeated test
     executions per serial number and computes a test iteration index, ordered
     by execution time, with the initial execution set to iteration 0.
3. FirstPassYield Notebook
   - This notebook uses the test iteration information generated by the
     UpdateTestIteration notebook to analyze test results. It combines test
     status data with iteration order to calculate yield metrics, including true
     first pass yield.

## Step-by-step installation Instructions:

Solution installation and configuration information is provided with the below
step-by-step instructions.

**Publishing the Notebook**

1. To import the Jupyter notebook into your SystemLink Enterprise open
   **Automation >> Scripts** from the SLE main menu, click the **Upload**
   **Files** button and select both .ipynb notebooks.
2. Right-click the UpdateTestIteration notebook file and select **Publish to
   SystemLink** from the list.
3. In the **Publish Notebook** window select the workspace where you want the
   notebook to be available.
4. From the **Interface** drop-down select **Periodic Execution**.
5. Click **Publish to SystemLink** button.
6. Repeat for FirstPassYield notebook selecting **Test Data Analysis** from the
   **Interface** drop-down.

After publishing the notebooks to SLE, a confirmation popup will appear
indicating the operation was successful. You can then proceed to configure the
routine for scheduled execution.

**Setting Up a Routine**

1. Open the SystemLink menu and navigate to **Automation >> Routines**.
2. On the Routines page, click **Create routine** in the upper-left corner of
   the window.
3. In the Create routine window under **General** section, provide the following
   details:
   - Routine name and Description
   - Ensure **Routine State** is enabled
4. In **Automation configuration** section:
   - From the Event dropdown, select **at a specific date and time**.
   - Set the **Start date and time**. This determines when the notebook will run
     periodically to update the test iteration properties.
   - Leave the **Repeat** field set to **Hourly**.
   - In the **Automation** field leave **Execute a notebook** selected.
   - Select the UpdateTestIteration notebook from the **Notebook** drop-down.
   - Click **Create**. Your routine will now appear in the table along with
     other routines.
5. Go to **Automation >> Execution** page to monitor the status and the
   execution history of your notebook.
6. After the notebook runs successfully at the scheduled time, test iterations
   will be set.
7. Once all the steps are complete, you can import the dashboard to start
   viewing and analyzing data.

**Importing the Dashboard**

1. First locate the `.json` file in the folder to be imported.
2. From SLE main menu, go to **Overview >> Dashboards**.
3. Click **New** in the upper-right corner and select **Import.**
4. In the Import Dashboard window click **Upload dashboard JSON file** and
   select the .json file to import the dashboard.
5. Change the name of the Dashboard if needed.
6. Select the folder where you want to store the imported dashboard.
7. Modify the UID to ensure uniqueness.
8. Click **Import.** The newly imported dashboard will appear immediately,
   pre-configured and ready for use.
