DotNet Examples/TestMonitor/README.md, before:

SystemLink Test Monitor Service API Examples
====================================

This directory holds self-contained example projects for the SystemLink Test Monitor service API. To make finding relevant examples easier, a summary of each one is listed below.

Running an Example
------------------

Unless otherwise specified by the example's README, each example is run in the
same way:

1. Clone _or_ download and extract the [repository source](https://github.com/ni/systemlink-enterprise-examples/archive/master.zip).
2. Install the [.NET Core SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/dotnet-core).
3. Navigate to the example's directory and use the [`dotnet run` command](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/tools/dotnet-run?tabs=netcore21).

To run the example, use the following command:

```
dotnet run --server <url> <api_key>
```

For example: `dotnet run --server https://my_server api_keymnhvvhbjnkkkj`.

Test Monitor Examples
------------

- [CreateResultsAndSteps](CreateResultsAndSteps): Demonstrates how to use the SystemLink Test Monitor API to create test results and steps.
- [DeleteResults](DeleteResults): Demonstrates how to use the SystemLink Test Monitor API to create and delete test results.

Commit message:

Updated the readme file to say on how to generate API Key

DotNet Examples/TestMonitor/README.md, after:

SystemLink Test Monitor Service API Examples
====================================

This directory holds self-contained example projects for the SystemLink Test Monitor service API. To make finding relevant examples easier, a summary of each one is listed below.

Running an Example
------------------

Unless otherwise specified by the example's README, each example is run in the
same way:

1. Clone _or_ download and extract the [repository source](https://github.com/ni/systemlink-enterprise-examples/archive/master.zip).
2. Install the [.NET Core SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/dotnet-core).
3. Navigate to the example's directory and use the [`dotnet run` command](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/tools/dotnet-run?tabs=netcore21).

To run the example, use the following command:

```
dotnet run --server <url> <api_key>
```

For example: `dotnet run --server https://my_server api_key`.

How to generate API key
-----------------------
Please refer to this [link](https://www.ni.com/docs/en-US/bundle/systemlink-enterprise/page/creating-an-api-key.html) for generating the API key

Test Monitor Examples
------------

- [CreateResultsAndSteps](CreateResultsAndSteps): Demonstrates how to use the SystemLink Test Monitor API to create test results and steps.
- [DeleteResults](DeleteResults): Demonstrates how to use the SystemLink Test Monitor API to create and delete test results.
